NAME
    examples/README - Documentation of the examples provided with the OOQP
    distribution

src/QpExample
    This is the example of how OOQP can be customized to accommodate a new
    problem formulation. This particular QP formulation is outlined in the
    Users Guide doc/ooqp-userguide.pdf.

    The QpExample formulation is created within the OOQP src/ directory
    because this is where we suggest users create any new QP formulations.
    To build the QpExample, type

        make qpexample-dense-gondzio.exe

    within the top level OOQP directory. The qpexample-dense-gondzio.exe
    program will solve a randomly generated problem.

examples/Svm
    Sample data files for use with the svm-gondzio.exe program. See Svm for
    more information.

examples/Huber
    Sample data files for use with the huber-gondzio.exe program. See Huber
    for more information.

examples/QpBound
    Sample data files for the qpbound-dense-gondzio.exe and
    qpbound-petsc-mehrotra.exe programs. See QpBound for more information.

examples/QpGen
    Sample data and programs for use with the default program formulation.
    Several subdirectory of this directory contain source code for building
    programs that link against the OOQP libraries. These programs are
    intended to be sample code for the interfaces described in Section 2 of
    the OOQP User Guide.

    The makefiles accompanying the sample programs are not under the control
    of OOQP's configure script because they are designed to be stand-alone
    examples of how users might write simple makefiles. Therefore, it is
    likely that users will need to edit these files before building the
    sample programs, for instance to set the "CXX" variable to the name of
    the appropriate C++ compiler. Users who are unsure of the appropriate
    values for the makefile variables should look to the GNUmakefile in the
    OOQP directory for guidance. The values set in GNUmakefile were
    determined by configure to be appropriate for this system.

  examples/QpGen/ampl
    Contains model and data files for use with the AMPL modeling language.
    These files are described in the OOQP User Guide.

  examples/QpGen/cinterface
    Contains code to build the programs example.exe and mps.exe that
    demonstrate invoking the OOQP solver as a C routine.

    Neither program takes any arguments. The example.exe program contains
    all the data to define a simple QP. The mps.exe program reads the
    problem given in examples/QpGen/sample-qps/Example.qps.

  example/QpGen/cplusplus
    Contains code to build the program cxx_example.exe that demonstrates
    invoking the OOQP solver from C++ code. This program takes no arguments;
    it contains all the data to define a simple QP.

  examples/QpGen/random
    Code to generate the qpgen-sparse-random.exe program, which solves
    randomly generated sparse QPs. This program may be invoked as follows,

    qpgen-sparse-random.exe n my mz

    where "n" is the number of primal variables, "my" is the number of
    equality constraints, and "mz" is the number of inequality constraints.

  examples/QpGen/sample-qps
    Contains one or more sample QPs in QPS format.

FIN
